[EERIE SOUNDS]
[ANIMAL NOISES]
[WATER NOISE]
>> Hello, my friend, it is I--
Hummel.
Thank you for the invitation.
Every one of you are pieces
or aspects of the one.
And as the one looks
at the universe,
it sees all the
individual pieces
of itself having many, many
experiences in many bodies.
And you begin to feel that
family of consciousness.
So as you travel back to Earth
along this beam of light,
some of them may follow, excited
to join the family reunion.
>> Lyssa?
>> Reuben?
>> Here we are again.
>> Yes.
>> Another episode of
"Interview with Ed."
This time we're channeling
Hamon from Sirius.
I've been looking forward
to this for a while.
And we're in beautiful Sedona.
We have lovely horse
energy with us.
>> Yes.
>> So what's new with you?
We just came from
your contact retreat.
>> We just finished the
contact retreat, yes.
It was an amazing experience.
We had groups from all
over the world there--
Japan, Hong Kong, Australia, US.
And it was a cosmic celebration.
>> Yeah.
And this was my
first contact retreat
that you did here in America.
>> Mhm.
>> We've done two in Japan.
>> Yes.
>> Amazing experiences,
amazing footage, as usual.
>> Yes.
>> And it's been a week.
How's your week been after that?
Decompressing?
>> It was very hard to
decompress because there was
just so much
post-retreat stuff to do.
>> Mhm.
>> And there's just been a
really intense energy happening
I think all over the
planet right now.
>> Right.
>> I know when I've
spoken to other people,
they've talked about it also.
So it just seems like
everything's speeding up.
And I know we've been
saying that for years--
>> Sure.
>> --but it's still speeding up.
>> And it's not
going to stop, is it?
>> It's not going to stop.
So we have to learn how
to surf the wave, I guess.
>> Surf the wave.
Surf the wave of change.
>> Yep.
>> That's James, right?
That's his--
>> Yes, yes yes.
>> --company, his shirt.
One of the contact
retreat members
has a t-shirt, Surf the Wave
of Change, and a company.
Well, shall we bring Hamon
in and see where that goes?
>> Yes so maybe I should just
say something about Hamon.
>> Yes, please.
>> I've channeled Sirian
energy here and there,
starting in around 2003.
I've always found
for me, in the way
it manifests with me,
to be very electrical,
often combined with weird
thunderstorms that happen.
We're not going to have any of
that today, I don't believe,
but really only
maybe five years ago,
this particular
being, Hamon, came
through for the
first time, mostly
in connection with retreats
out in nature, surprisingly.
>> Right.
>> He speaks a lot about
ancient and traditional Sirian
practices that were
passed to Earth people,
and prefers to be in
this type of environment.
>> Perfect.
>> So I think--
I don't know what
your questions are.
We shall see.
That's going to
be a big surprise.
>> Yeah.
>> But you'll see that his main
focus is really the awakening
of the consciousness
on the planet.
>> Perfect.
>> All right, so here he comes.
>> Excellent.
>> Hello, my friend.
It is I, Hamon.
>> Hello, Hamon.
>> Thank you for the invitation.
>> Thank you.
I've got a number
of questions today,
and wanted to start off
with what was the clap?
>> For the channel's body and
the way that she integrates
energy, it is a way to create
a type of alchemy within her
energetic field
that, you might say,
opens a portal or opens
a tube, so to speak,
that allows our energy to
be assimilated more easily.
>> Like a sync up, in a sense?
>> Kind of, yes.
>> OK.
Because I do the same clap
to get all my audio synced up
for all the different
devices they have.
>> You can say it's kind of like
a way to sync my energy field
with her energy field and
create a third energy field that
allows for the
communication to take place.
>> Excellent.
Thank you.
The Sirian energy is
sort of a newer thing,
she just said, for
her, as channeling.
Why now?
Why the Sirius energy now?
What's happening now for this to
come out, for you to come out?
>> That is quite
a good question,
because much of it has to do
with the crossing point that
you've called on
your planet, 2012,
in which your solar system's
relationship to galactic core
is that you've moved now
into a cycle of integration,
which is more of
a feminine cycle,
as you would
understand the term,
instead of a more dissociative
cycle or disintegrated cycle,
which has been the
last 13,000 years.
So because of that shift
in the energy of humanity,
you can say it was the
signpost for us Sirians
to return and continue
the work that we've
done in the last cycle,
1,000 to 26,000 years ago.
>> So the energy now is more
accessible for the Sirian
energy to come through.
>> That is correct.
The name, for example,
that I have chosen
for these interactions through
this channel, the word Hamon,
in our ancient language,
means integration.
So it is an expression of
the energy of your time now,
and how it is also connected
to the work and the promises,
in a sense, we have
made to humanity
to help to facilitate
the integration process.
>> I see.
So in terms of
density, what density--
we know Sasha's
in fourth density.
What density would
Hamon be residing in?
>> Same idea, fourth
density consciousness.
You can say, however, because
we understand humans like
hierarchy in order
to understand things,
you could say that my people,
my civilization is slightly more
advanced or slightly more
integrated than Sasha's.
But still fourth density,
for we still have a body.
>> OK.
Yeah, I was going to ask, do
you still have physical body.
And you do you fly
around in ships?
>> Yes, although that word
is often misunderstood
because of the idea of how ships
can move from liquid quantum
states to solid mass states.
>> I see.
Yeah, that actually--
I'm going to jump right
into a question that has
been lurking in my mind
that I think Sasha actually
brought up at the retreat.
The understanding that we
have now of ships, of flying
saucers, of galactic
star systems,
as we're moving
through time, we're
understanding timelines, we're
redefining our reality almost
on a daily basis now, with
new scientific discoveries
and everything else.
So maybe you could
clarify if, by the time
we get to your density, it's
going to be a massive change.
Like, our whole concept
of what ships are,
of how transportation,
of star beings,
Star Trek, like this whole idea,
it's going to be different,
right?
>> Yes, but there is a very
important understanding with
this idea that we wish
to shed some light on.
>> Yes.
>> If you look back in your
timeframe that you know
of on Earth, such as the 1950s,
the different types of contacts
that were experienced at that
time were with very structured
ships, very 3D kind of ideas
of ETs in Spandex suits
and the sports model ships
and all of that idea.
>> Right.
>> However, as consciousness
itself begins to evolve
and shift, you no longer
need that type of imagery
to understand what is
happening in the universe.
So it is not that we
are presenting you
with different things, it
is that your consciousness
is much more able to conceive
of and accept and resonate
with the ideas that are
closer to the truth of what
extraterrestrial
contact really is.
Does this make sense?
>> It does.
And I feel that, from my
own understanding, expansion
of this, not limiting
it to guys in Spandex
and in the sports
models, but then
going into these other realms of
the fairies and the elementals
and nature spirits, and just
expanding into all of it,
where it's not--
and I feel that maybe
you guys are even
maybe closer to that idea, in
a sense that it's more fluid.
I think in the
human interpretation
of like elves and fairies and
"Lord of the Rings" type stuff,
that feels more
magical, in a sense,
and more fluid, and not as
rigid with structured craft
and these kinds of things.
Am I in the right path?
>> That is correct.
And also, you are touching
upon the Sirian relationship
with your planet,
which is very--
the spectrum is very wide.
From the idea of beings such
as myself and my people,
who you would associate
with the stars,
to other Sirian beings who, in
a sense, stayed on your planet
when many of us returned to
the stars, and in a sense
became one with your
planet, inner Earth,
things such as that.
So the idea of contact, then,
especially with Sirian energy,
has a very, very broad spectrum.
>> I see.
>> We will also say, though,
that as human understanding
of the quantum nature
of reality grows,
your experiences of
extraterrestrial contact are
also going to shift more
into the quantum realms,
which you are already seeing
beginning to happen now.
>> Right, hence the contact
retreat we just had,
where people are going
not so much physically,
but consciously into the
ships, having the experiences,
connecting to that dream world
a little bit more closely,
it seems.
>> That is correct, because
it really has to be that way.
If contact is only
focused on the 3D,
the things you can
touch, then in a sense
you lock yourselves
into a paradigm
that does not allow
your consciousness
to move beyond the
more structured reality
into its more organic nature,
which is more of a quantum
expanse of nature instead.
>> Right.
And I'm assuming,
like the Pleiades,
there's many planetary
bodies in the Sirius AB
system harboring life.
And am I assuming
that correctly?
>> Yes, and many
dimensional realities.
But also, please
understand that, once we
became space-faring,
we go out to
many, many different colonies
and space stations and such.
So it goes beyond the star
system, simply itself.
>> I guess I'm assuming that
having the suns in the sky,
that kind of imagery-- and
we've seen other science fiction
stories that have, in
Star Wars and whatnot,
different two suns or
three suns, in a sense,
in the sky that give a much
different experience than we
have on Earth with our one sun.
>> Yes.
>> Anything to
elaborate on that?
>> Not so much to
elaborate, except to say--
this is something we
have said in the past,
but looking at star systems
from the point of view of out
there--
>> Right.
>> --from our perspective,
your sun is part of the Sirian
system.
>> Right
>> So the relationship,
then, is very, very close.
And that deep, deep,
ancient, ancient memory is
stored within the holographic
memory of your people
and our people, as well.
>> So almost like
Earth-- or I'm sorry,
our sun could be a Sirius C?
>> You could say that, yes.
>> Interesting.
In our history, we
have the Dogon tribe
that has talked about Sirian
contact and beings of almost
like an aquatic or
dolphin-type nature,
and they had masks and
maybe even spacesuits
to keep that liquid in.
I'm not sure, there's
different interpretations
of those legends.
Anything to say about
the Dogon tribe?
>> Again, we point to the
spectrum we have talked about.
Some of those beings
are more earth-based,
some are more water-based.
So some of that is
indeed a memory.
It's a little bit mixed,
though, the memories.
It's not so literal.
It's a little bit more symbolic.
However, the Dogon
tribe is tapping
into more of that symbolic
memory of some of those beings
from ancient times.
>> Right.
Like they even knew about the
two suns before our scientists
even--
>> Correct, yes.
>> --could tap into that.
>> Correct.
>> How about Egypt or some
of these other ancient
civilizations, Atlantis?
What was the influence
or relationship
to Sirius in those
civilizations?
>> Well, it's a
very good question,
but the answer
could be very long.
>> I see.
>> So we are going
to try to summarize.
>> Basically, as we were
previously saying about
the 26,000 year cycle,
you go through cycles
of disintegration, which
is the last 13,000 years,
and you go through
cycles of integration.
You are now entering the
new cycle of integration.
So extraterrestrial contact
on your planet, historically,
will mirror, the
contacts themselves
will mirror the galactic
energy, depending
upon which part of
the cycle you are in.
So within the last 13,000
years, then, while there
has been contact,
especially when you go back
to the early dynasties
of Egypt and you
go back farther and farther
into Sumeria, as an example--
>> Right.
>> --you're talking about
what you would consider to be
the post fall of Atlantis,
something such as that.
Those time periods
were the time periods
when you were, in a sense, in
terms of the galactic cycle,
falling into disintegration.
>> Right.
>> So what you're going to find
during those points is that,
while you might see peaks
of civilization in terms
of technology and maybe
language jumps and jumps in art
and jumps in tools and practices
and things such as that,
there's a lot more going on.
Because of that cycle
of disintegration,
this is where some of that--
we've talked about in other
venues the dark Sirian
energy came in, as well.
So you have the dark
magic practices and things
such as that in those
cycles of disintegration.
So historically,
you're going to find
so many different influences.
And it really depends on the
particular point in history
and the particular
groups of consciousness
that you're asking about.
It can seem like a mish mash,
if you know what we mean.
>> Sure, yeah.
>> But does that
address your question?
>> It does.
>> Looking back, then, at the
cycle 13,000 to 26,000 years
ago, which would have
been an integrative cycle,
and we're looking at the
last phase of that cycle,
when those who were on the Earth
knew that the, as you call it,
the fall was going to happen
back into disintegration,
this was a time where many of
your extraterrestrial family
and many Earth people were
working together to try
to, in a sense, stop
the fall from happening,
or to slow down the
fall into forgetfulness.
>> Right.
>> So you're going to find
during that time period,
while there might not be a lot
of historical proof of this,
although if you look hard
enough, you will find it--
>> Sure.
>> It was kind of what
you might call a high time
of civilization in an
attempt to, in a sense,
energetically boost you through
that cycle of the fall so that
you would awaken before
it happened, so to speak.
We speak a little bit
dramatically in order to just
to illustrate the point that
we're trying to get across.
>> So Atlantis was sort of
an accelerated evolutionary
period?
>> Yes.
In the attempt at awakening
consciousness so that
you would not fall into
another sleep cycle.
>> Right
>> However, energy
doesn't lie, so to speak.
So if the mass
consciousness is not
integrated to a certain
level, and if there is still
what you might call a
shadow influence that is not
being integrated
and worked with,
then another cycle begins again.
So that was a little
bit of what you
call a race to the
finish line, so to speak,
if you understand the metaphor.
>> Sure.
But now that we're
entering the new cycle,
we can pick up where that
old cycle left off, in a way.
>> Yes, but it's important to
know that it's not a circle.
You are not repeating the same
thing over and over again.
It's more of a spiral.
>> Right.
>> So as you go
into this cycle now,
you're going to find that you
are at a different place than
you were the last time
you were in this cycle.
>> Right.
But there were remnants
of the last cycle,
for example maybe
the crystal skulls--
>> Correct.
>> --that were left as
gifts for us to pick up.
>> Correct.
There are those types of
gifts all over your planet.
You can include
the crystal skulls,
you can include the places
such as Stonehenge, the stone
circles.
You can include the pyramids
that are all around the planet,
et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
Those are places where
knowledge is preserved.
And when we use
the term knowledge,
we're not talking about, as
you would know, book knowledge.
>> Yeah.
>> We're talking more about
places or portals where wisdom
can be accessed as a reminder to
trigger your remembrance of who
you truly are.
>> Exciting times.
>> Very exciting, my dear.
Very exciting.
>> Would you say that the
serpent energy is also
associated with
the Sirius energy?
>> Yes.
Your planet has used the
symbol of serpent or dragon
or snake as a way to give an
energy signature, if you will--
>> Sure.
>> --to the Sirian energy,
as it has helped to develop
your awakening
process in the past.
However, as with
everything, there
are certain elements
that sometimes
can hijack symbology and use
it for their own purposes.
In terms of your
biblical references,
we do believe this was written
about just a little bit
in the "Prism of Lyra" book,
but generally speaking,
the whole garden of
Eden story is a metaphor
for the choices
humanity has made
about whether it would awaken
or whether it would go back
into another cycle
of forgetfulness.
So in terms of the dark
Sirian energy, though,
we know that there
are probably people
watching this video
that want to understand
what we're referring to.
So we're going to say
this very, very simply.
>> Yes.
>> It's written more
about in the new book,
"The Golden Lakes," for people
that want to research that.
But very, very simply,
this idea of duality
is the nature of creation.
But when we define
duality, we are
referring to the idea
of like a battery, where
you have a positive charge
and a negative charge.
One is not good and
one is not evil.
>> Right.
>> They simply require both
charges to create an energy
source to run your device or to
run the reality, so to speak.
>> Right.
>> However, when a civilization
moves into a third density type
of experience, where
polarity is magnified,
that neutral duality
becomes polarity,
which is more an experience
of value judgment than it is
an expression of
neutral duality.
So in that case, then, what
is happening now on your world
is that you are moving into
that time of integration,
as we were previously
saying, which
means that you have to
revisit the idea of polarity
as well as duality, learn the
difference between the two,
and integrate the shadow
and the light within you.
This is a type of Sirian
alchemy that my people
did a very, very long time ago
for our awakening as a species.
And it is what is being
required of you now.
It is why, on your
planet, you are
seeing all of this darkness
coming out into the light.
And we're not just talking
about out there in the politics
or in the religion, but we are
also talking about within you,
as well, for your internal is
a reflection of the external.
We know that you are seeing
this playing out on your planet
all over the place,
whether it is politics,
whether it is religion.
However, it is very important
in this crucial time
to understand that
what you are seeing out
there is connected to
what is happening within.
This is true for everyone.
The shadow and the light,
or the two dualities
are needing to come out and
be embraced and integrated
and balanced.
This is a process as you
enter fourth density reality.
Every civilization
goes through this.
Therefore, in this time
more than any time,
it is the most
important time to do
the inner work of the
integration of those energies
within you.
>> And I'll say hopefully, but
I don't even need to use that
word, unlike the
Atlantian times,
we are going to pull
through this one.
I'm pretty confident.
>> No comment, my dear.
>> OK, all right.
>> However, we will say that the
biggest difference between this
time and the Atlantian time is
that, in the Atlantian time,
most people were concerned with
the outer projection and not
looking within.
>> Right.
>> This time, a great many
people on your world are doing
the inner work also, which
is going to make the biggest
energetic shift.
>> Right.
Excellent.
Well, I have confidence
we're going to do this.
>> We do, too, my dear.
>> And as I just said,
it's exciting times.
So glad to be here.
At one of the contact
retreats in Japan,
Hamon's come through and talked
about the serpent schools.
>> Yes.
>> Could you elaborate a
little bit about those?
>> Yes.
We have called this the
School of the Nine Serpents.
Basically, serpent
is a metaphor.
It is a metaphor
for meaning gate,
meaning that it is
a gate through which
spiritual training
will take you where
you must pass to
integrate yourself
on the way back to the one.
So much of this is written
about also in the new book.
We're not meaning a
commercial, it's simply that--
>> Sure.
>> --we can't go through
the whole thing here.
>> No, no, no.
>> However, the nine schools
in that way help you work with
your inner energy, and most
especially helping your ego
make the transition it needs
from a third density version
of ego to a fourth
density version of ego,
which is very necessary because
the third density version
of ego cannot survive within a
fourth density type of reality.
So serpent, in that
way, is meant merely
as a metaphor for
Sirian gateway.
>> Right.
And that's also perhaps
why the Sirius--
like you said, since
2012, the Sirian gateways
have been sort of opened a bit.
>> Very much so, yes.
>> So these schools
are being revisited.
>> Yes, very much so.
This ancient school was one
that was given to early humans
by Sirians and Pleiadians
in the very ancient days.
But it also had its
version before Earth,
because all of
these teachings come
from what we call Vegan
mysticism, all the way back
to your very
ancient, ancient Vega
and, subsequently, Liran
forefathers, as well.
This school was also
very prevalent on Mars
when Mars's civilization
was thriving.
>> Right.
>> So it is meant to be a
roadmap or a guide to help
an awakening planet.
If the work is done,
awakening happens.
>> Hm.
And there's no need to
demonize the serpent.
>> Not at all, unless
that's what turns you on.
>> Yeah, I guess some
people get turned on by it.
Speaking of Mars, what
is Sirius's energy--
I mean, is there
anything that we haven't
touched upon with the serpent?
>> Mostly that, in the
ancient days, Mars--
well, this would be very,
very, very, very ancient days.
My people were very
young at that time,
so we were not necessarily
visiting Mars in that time.
It was more Vegans,
more Lirans, Orions,
different types of energies.
However, there is a
lineage, if you will.
Because Mars was very
connected to Vegan lineage,
theory is, very connected
to Vegan lineage,
we are connected in that way.
>> I see.
So the Sirian energy is there
as a lineage, but not so much
the people themselves.
>> Correct.
>> I see.
We were too young at that time.
>> And what's the relationship
to Sirius and the Anunnaki?
>> Hm.
You asked about Anunnaki, we
believe, accessing her memory
in the past.
>> I did, yeah.
Anunnaki comes up a lot.
>> Yes, all right.
So our definition,
then, is simply
that Anunnaki is not a species,
as has been misunderstood
on your planet, but is more
referring to those ETs,
if you will, that came from the
heavens and were seen on Earth.
So they were labeled Anunnaki,
simply meaning children of Anu,
or those from Anu, et cetera.
And that would include Sirians.
>> Would Sirians have a little
more influence in that grouping
of terms or energy than others?
>> Yes.
Two things to remember.
One, my species
was younger then.
>> Yes.
>> Less mature.
>> Right.
>> Two, there were more
factions at that time.
>> Right.
>> Darker ones, and lighter
ones that had good intentions,
let's say, but were
still immature.
>> Sure.
Like a young Earth, in a sense.
>> Exactly.
A little bit older
than you, but--
>> Sure.
They still had space-bearing--
>> Yes.
>> --technology and
these kinds of things.
>> But still not
matured spiritually.
>> Sure.
And maybe through us,
they learned some lessons.
>> Oh, yes.
My people have many
lessons courtesy of you,
thank you very much.
>> Glad to be of assistance.
>> It's how we help each other.
>> Yes.
It's great.
So you mentioned Vega
lineage, Liran lineage.
What's the relationship
to Sirius and Zeta?
Is there a lineage there?
Is there a connection in
that side of lineages?
>> Repeat the question, please.
>> Well, you mentioned that
there's a lineage that Sirius
has with Vega, and then going
further back perhaps to Lira.
Is there a Zeta lineage
connection in there somewhere?
>> Yes, there is.
And have you ever seen the map?
>> I have.
>> All right.
>> I'll insert it here
for our audience to see.
>> So the map that you are
seeing at this time is a very
rudimentary map that discusses
your galactic lineage
relationships.
>> Right.
>> So in order to
answer your question,
we'll just state
very simply that,
if you think of Lira
as the progenitors,
and then the very first
separations were the Liran
groups and the Vegan groups, and
the Vegan groups had a tendency
to go more into the mind to
separate out the emotional
body.
And remembering that
the journey that you
are meant to take, that
you have chosen to take,
that we have all chosen to take,
was a journey into separation.
>> Right.
>> So this is not
something negative or bad.
It's simply the way
energy moves because it's
the type of journey
you chose to take.
>> Sure.
>> So as the Vegan lineages
became more and more focused
on the mental body, some
branched off and became even
more super focused
on the mental body.
So that's where the
Zeta species came in,
was as being one of
those species that
became the super mental
species from the Vegan lineage.
Does that answer your question?
>> Yes.
Yeah, I think with the
map that will help--
>> Yes.
>> --kind of explain things.
I've been working
on a documentary
and having a lot of experiences
with the plant medicine
ayahuasca.
And in my first experience
with that, I saw a cave.
I saw a chamber of
snakes, serpents.
The serpent energy was
coming in very clearly.
And a lot of people
have this imagery
when they partake in these
ceremonies and this medicine.
Is there a technology
like ayahuasca,
or is this technology from
Sirius, and is there-- sorry,
this is a two-part question--
does that technology
exist in your world?
>> First of all, we want to
make a comment about the cave
of snakes.
>> Oh, OK.
>> Because on your world, you
have often come to understand
serpent as being
Kundalini energy.
>> Yes.
>> What we're going to say about
that is connected to that kind
of, but it has to do with
the integration of dualities.
So those who might experience
that type of cave of snakes
is a type of snake
initiation, if you will, which
is we could claim it and
say a Sirian initiation,
which can be sometimes,
depending upon the person,
but more so it's
an initiation that
has to do with beginning
to bring together
your own dualities
so that you can start
to actually release polarity.
Now, the plant
medicine is actually
something that is
indigenous to most planets--
>> Right.
>> --within the galactic family.
They have their own
different versions of it.
And we've found
historically, galactically,
that it is used particularly
when a civilization is stuck
somewhere, so to speak,
which is where you're--
we don't want to say your
civilization is stuck,
but you are having some issues
with releasing and integrating
polarity.
So that technology is helpful.
However, we have
to say it always
must be done in a sacred way--
>> Yes.
>> --with guidance by someone
who is much more experienced--
>> Yes.
>> --and it is never meant to
be continued in an ongoing way.
>> Yes, I concur.
>> Right.
>> I've had those experiences,
and I've seen the magic
of the medicine and the power
it has had with specific people
to awaken, and to help connect,
reconnect their hearts--
>> Yes.
>> --and their minds.
>> You're going to find at some
point that your civilization
will not even need it anymore.
>> Sure, yeah.
And when I first
partook in the medicine,
I thought, oh my god,
everybody should try this.
And after a few ceremonies
and understanding the energy,
I definitely right now am
like, it's not for everybody.
I definitely want
to make that clear.
And especially I've
been sort of letting
people know who are already
very much in the heart space
and connected that they don't
need the medicine at all.
It's just really to help those
going through some tough times,
might be in the mental space.
Now we're finding
in our science it's
great for people
who are suffering
from PTSD and deep depression
and these kinds of things.
>> Yes.
>> So it's a tool,
a wonderful tool.
>> Yes.
>> Going back to some of--
not to dwell in the
darkness, but to go back
to some of the dark energy of
Sirius, we have in our history
and in our lore
and storytelling,
we have dark cults and wizards
and sort of this evil energy.
And there was this
trauma related to this--
or I guess in past
channelings, I've
heard that there is a
connection with Sirius
and some of these
darker energies,
and then you guys had to
actually integrate them
in a way, or accept them or not
run away from them, I guess.
Can you elaborate
a little bit on--
>> Sorry, are you referring to
the human student's experience
or Sirian history?
>> Maybe Sirian history first,
and then we can connect it
to our traumas with that energy,
because I think it overlaps.
>> Yes.
>> I guess I want to make
the connection while we--
[LAUGHS] He's right here, yeah.
Charlie, you're in our shot.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Yes.
Oh, yes, he's integrating.
>> Well, we are
very comfortable,
so we are going to keep going.
>> Yeah, no, go ahead.
Just, it's--
>> So in my history,
as most civilizations,
there is resistance toward
integrating the darkness.
>> Right.
>> So within my civilization,
we had that time also.
And that was when the split
happened in my civilization,
where some of us began to
awaken and others of us
began to spiral more
down into the darkness.
So when it became time to
interact with your planet,
you had Sirian energy coming
from different points of view,
let's say.
>> Ah, OK.
>> All right?
>> Right.
>> Hello, my dear
little butt here, yes?
>> Donkey butt, yeah.
>> Donkey butt.
Talking about dark energy, yes.
All right.
Cosmic joke.
Butt of the joke, yes?
>> Absolutely.
>> So that energy
did come to Earth.
There's no victims.
It's just part of
the way energy moves
while you are experiencing
a third density reality.
So in your time, then, as you
were falling into darkness,
that was the time when the
Sirian shadow energy came.
So the question would then
be, how did you on Earth
experience that energy?
And we could say that many, many
humans experience that energy
through mystery schools, whether
it be Egypt whether it be,
well, West or East, Babylonia.
Anyplace on the planet
you could possibly
imagine, there was the infusion
of that dark energy when humans
refused to look at
their own dark energy,
because that's when
it gets called in
because it has to play out.
This is energy dynamics.
>> Right.
>> So during those
time periods, then,
that's when you started to see
wonderful high consciousness
mystery schools, but also others
that were more darker that
maybe preyed on the weaker.
>> Oh, OK.
So there was a light and
a dark mystery school.
>> Correct.
>> OK.
>> Now sometimes in
terms of mystery schools,
people might think they are
experiencing one that is
of the light--
>> Right.
>> --because they cannot
see their own shadow--
>> Right.
>> --so they do not they are
in the shadow, so to speak.
But all of that, you
might say karmic speaking,
is part of the
process of awakening.
So when we first
shared this information
with the first group, which
would have been in Japan one
year ago, so 2018--
>> Right.
>> --many of the people in the
audience there connected with
traumatic past lives that
they had remembered--
>> Right.
>> --from those time periods
in those ancient schools,
or being abused by
teachers, whatever it was.
>> Sure.
>> And we were encouraging them
that that is going to come up
now--
>> Right.
>> --because it
needs to come out.
It needs to come to the light.
Even self-forgiveness
needs to happen
for those who maybe judge
themselves for making what they
might deem to be wrong choices.
>> Right.
>> So does that
address what you--
>> Yeah.
And I mean, that story
seems to repeat itself.
We have, on this planet, we've
had cults or, you know, the--
even in our mass pop culture
now, we have the Illuminati,
and it's become
sort of a buzzword,
and everybody's running scared.
It's like, oh-- and the
idea of symbolism, you know?
Like you said earlier,
symbols can be used for dark,
or they can be hijacked for--
>> You see whatever
you're looking for.
>> Exactly.
>> You will always find
what you're looking for.
And that is a trap.
So humanity, or
sections of humanity,
are busy looking for all
those signs of that stuff
and rooting out the evil.
But that is a black
hole that never ends.
So how do you pull yourself
out of that black hole?
>> Right.
>> And that is where a lot of
the Sirian teachings come in.
And it is part of the teachings
of the School of the Nine
Serpents.
Simply, very simply put,
if you use the metaphor
that you, as humans
in third density,
are actors on a stage playing
a part, in third density,
you don't realize you are an
actor on the stage playing
a part.
>> Right.
>> So you become lost in it.
You become lost in the darkness,
you become lost in the joy.
Whatever it is, you
get lost in the drama.
>> Right.
>> But as you begin to
shift to fourth density,
you start to have glimmers
of awareness, such as, oh,
this isn't really real.
It's not that it's not real.
The chair is real.
>> Right.
>> It's where you are putting
your consciousness actually
defines the reality
that you experience.
So when you begin to
remember that you are playing
a role on a stage,
then you can actually
begin to cultivate a dual
awareness where a part of you
can also simultaneously be
in the audience watching,
so to speak, the
play on the stage.
>> Right.
>> And this kind of dual level
of consciousness is the most
important step in the
shift in consciousness,
because eventually you will
be able to maintain that more
birds-eye view, one
consciousness, so to speak,
watching the stage play for
longer and longer periods
of time, until you fully
understand in a visceral way
that you are that consciousness,
not the consciousness
on the stage.
So this is where
the individuals that
are lost in the dramas
happening on Earth
will need to unlock from
that in their own time
to remember who they really
are in the more expansive level
of consciousness.
>> Yeah, I like to use the
analogy of video games.
And in our mass media,
in our consciousness,
we're creating these
games to be so visceral,
but yet we are playing the game.
We're playing the character
moving through the movie.
Before we'd go to the
movies, but now we're
actually integrating the virtual
reality experience, the game,
we're making the choices to
move the character along.
>> Exactly.
It is so interesting
that you have
created all of these
things on your world,
such as smartphones--
>> Right.
>> --just to teach you
about layers of reality
and perception.
>> Right.
>> For when you get
lost in your smartphone,
and 20 minutes have passed
that you have lost forever--
>> Right.
>> --that is an example of being
lost on the role on the stage.
>> Lost in the
hyperfocus of the dark--
whatever it is.
You know, the demonizing
the serpent or the making
the symbols evil and--
>> Exactly.
>> --going on
these tangents of--
>> Exactly.
>> --fear.
Fear tangent.
>> Exactly.
>> Yeah.
Sometimes, though, it's
fun to get lost in--
>> As long as you are aware that
you are doing it and you can
step back--
>> Right.
>> --it's part of the experience
of the shift from third
to fourth density.
>> Yeah.
>> Eventually, deeper and
deeper into fourth density,
you don't get pulled
into that anymore.
Reality becomes very different.
>> Could you explain a
little bit this reality?
The polarity game,
the mystery schools,
the dark and integrating
that in the relationship,
or similarities that Earth
now is having during this time
I guess that Sirius also had
to integrate its darker self--
>> Yes.
>> --in relationships.
>> There is definitely
a parallel between where
your planet is at right now
in its integration process
and where my civilization
was during the similar time
of our shift between
third and fourth density.
So this is one of
the reasons why
for us to guide you
at this point in time
is very appropriate.
So we were talking about
how the group in Japan
was the first group to
receive the information
about the dark Sirian
energy, and it triggered
the memory of the mystery
schools that were painful
experiences people
had had in the past.
It is not that you
need to remember
all of these dark experiences.
>> Right.
>> Simply, though, if there is
a type of a wound that has to do
with victimization or has
to do with self-forgiveness
for making choices
that you have made,
this is the time to
begin working on that,
for you have to step off the
victim/perpetrator polarity
game, so to speak.
>> Right.
And that's what we were talking
about earlier, where we're
trying to hyperfocus on
the evil deeds, so to say,
that taking the
focus off of that
is sort of switching
from the polarization
to a non-polarized.
Acknowledge it for what it is,
but not get caught up in it.
I guess that's what
I'm trying to say.
>> Exactly.
You can acknowledge it
because, as you know,
repressing things only builds
up the energy charge inside.
>> Right.
>> So it's a very fine line
between noticing something is
there and refusing to
see it or really, really,
really focusing on it, yes?
If you really, really,
really focus on it,
you create more of the same.
>> Right.
>> If you repress it, you create
the energy charge within you
that needs to be dealt with.
So then the only
choice is the middle
of the road, so to speak, which
is you can notice it is there,
but you do not
give it any energy.
Or if there is
something within you
that needs to be
healed regarding that,
that healing will come from
your embracing the experience,
learning from the
experience that you've had,
not judging it, and learning
from that experience in such
a way that the energy
itself can be released.
>> Yeah.
And that's everything
in life, from--
>> Everything.
>> All of these situations
to relationships to traumas
to, you know, everything.
>> Exactly.
>> Wonderful.
The snake is definitely a symbol
of the Sirius energy, which
we've already
established, but often we
have this Sirian gate in
the summertime, in July.
And it's associated
with the dog star--
>> Yes.
>> --the dog energy.
Could you elaborate a little
bit more on the dog energy?
>> Simply the way that we
would interpret that is that,
for humans, the dog is the being
in the animal kingdom that is
of the most service to humanity.
And the Sirian energy, in a
sense, plays the same role.
Not that we are
dogs, so to speak,
but that our love and
loyalty and commitment to you
is the same, which
is one of the reasons
why that imagery was associated
with us, because of our--
well, some would say
in the past tenacity,
but we have grown
and evolved, too.
So now we walk side
by side with you,
rather than dragging you
on a leash, so to speak.
A little Sirian humor.
>> So we would be the
dogs in that situation.
>> Yes.
Well, what goes around
comes around, yes?
>> OK.
Interesting.
Well, another animal that's also
associated with Sirius energy
is the dolphin.
And what's the
relationship there,
and how is that connected
to Sirius energy?
So we would be the
dogs in that situation.
>> Yes.
Well, what goes around
comes around, yes?
>> OK.
Interesting.
Well, another animal that's also
associated with Sirius energy
is the dolphin.
And what's the
relationship there,
and how is that connected
to Sirius energy?
>> It's a little bit
esoteric, we have to say.
>> OK.
>> Because from
our point of view,
actually the whales have a
stronger Sirian connection with
you than the dolphins do.
But let us explain what we mean.
>> Yes.
>> The dolphin energy on your
world is a way to introduce you
to fourth density consciousness
from an indigenous species
on your planet.
The dolphin
consciousness itself,
their experience of reality is
very much of a fourth density
experience.
However, it is still
singular, meaning
that, just as you have
one body, so to speak,
that you are aware of
animating this reality,
the dolphin reality
is very similar.
However, the whale energy
represents your beginnings
into fifth density
consciousness,
which represents more group,
the beginning of group
consciousness.
Therefore, when you
associate the Sirian energy
with the whale consciousness,
it is a way for humanity
not only to, of course, become
accustomed to fourth density
energy, but also
begin to, in a sense,
dip your toe into fifth density
group consciousness, as well,
which really is
necessary to fully
be able to embrace fourth
density consciousness,
because you have
to kind of also be
comfortable with the idea
of heading toward group
consciousness, as well.
>> Hm.
In what way?
I mean, us humans would probably
look at dolphins and whales
as being almost the same,
other than the size,
as far as being aquatic
creatures, mammals.
What's the difference
there between the dolphin
and the whale energy?
>> Whale beings actually can
embody group consciousness.
>> OK.
>> So it might
sound very mundane,
but it's one of the reasons
why their bodies are so large,
as a way to be able to ground
such an intense energy and have
the brain size as a way to
be able to have that conduit
of consciousness that can
be channeled, in a sense,
into the physical reality.
>> So in a way,
they're living portals?
>> Yes.
>> Grounding that Sirian
energy in the planet?
>> Yes.
However, when we
say Sirian energy,
we are talking, in
terms of whale--
>> Right.
>> --we are talking more
specifically of what we have
termed Third Era Sirian, which
is well after the awakening.
So it's not singular embodied
Sirian energy any longer.
It's moving more into the
awakened group consciousness
Sirian energy.
>> Almost more advanced.
As you guys are upper level or
upper echelon fourth density
consciousness, humanity
is just starting
to touch the fourth density.
It sounds like you
guys have an awareness
of these different
versions of Sirius
energy, these different tiers.
Will humans then start to
interact with future versions
of ourselves?
>> It's already happening.
>> It is already
happening for sure.
This idea of the
different eras was
expressed through the
galactic heritage cards
to show three different
eras of a civilization.
So you have the
first era, which is
more of the third density,
polarized, child-like or young
species.
Second era is when the
awakening just starts to happen,
the healing and the
integration starts happening,
which is where humanity is now.
>> Right.
>> Third era is
the awakened era.
So once you begin to
enter the second era
and you start opening your
consciousness more to the idea
that you are part of
a holographic reality,
then the natural next step is
that you start encountering
other aspects of you.
Whether it's ETs or
future humans matters not.
>> I see.
So a lot to look forward to.
>> Oh, yes.
>> The Japanese people
themselves seem to have
a strong Sirian connection.
Could you elaborate on that?
Do they have more
of a connection
than, say, some
of the other races
or ethnic groups on our planet?
>> The Japanese do not
have more of a connection.
What you're sensing is that,
because many of these students
have worked with
Lyssa many times--
>> I see.
>> --that they're already
kind of primed to that energy.
>> I see.
>> But one of the reasons why
this information was given
in Japan first has to do with,
going back to what we were
talking about in terms of
School of the Nine Serpents--
>> I see.
>> --there were many of
those schools within Asia,
and many within
what is now Japan.
>> I see.
So it's more of an
Asian conscious--
maybe that collective--
Asian collective consciousness?
>> Well there were schools
also all around the planet--
South America, North
America, Africa, et cetera--
but because of the specific
group we were working with,
many of them were
connected to that energy.
>> I understand.
And many of Lyssa's
students in Japan
have spoken about
channeling Hamon, as well,
this pure energy.
>> Some of them have connected
with our energy for very
specific purposes--
>> I see.
>> --for them and their growth.
>> We're not, you know,
flying around connecting with
everyone, so to speak.
And we don't mean that
in an elitist way.
It's just simply that we are
working with different people
with different things.
>> Understood.
Thank you so much for your time.
Would there be any last final
messages for this audience
as it's growing in humanity?
>> Well, there are
so many messages.
>> Sure.
And we covered a lot today.
>> Yes.
But we want to say that we know
that there is a lot happening
on the world that is causing
a lot of fear and panic
and distaste, let's say,
for humanity at this time,
and the sense of not
knowing what can be done.
It's going to seem
like a paradox,
but what needs to
be done is to begin
to cultivate the idea of letting
go and not doing out there,
but going inward now, for the
landscape on which to work
is now inward.
And you're going to start to
see that this is much more
than just a platitude,
but it actually
is going to change the
consciousness of your planet
when you go inward and address
the things inward that have not
been addressed up until this
time on the individual level,
because ultimately, you are
all fractals of one hologram,
and so everything
everyone is experiencing
is felt by the whole hologram.
Therefore, when
you do your part,
the entire hologram is affected.
This is, again, not a platitude.
It's literal mechanics.
So we are here.
Your Sirian friends are here,
and many, many other friends
are here to assist
you with this,
whether it is to give you
a hug or hold your hand
and say go for it, or simply
to send the love to you
to give you the strength
to move forward.
My people have
been through this.
We know.
And we do know, unfortunately,
that all we can do
is support you and
love you through it.
But with that support and
love, and with your fortitude
and your amazing
character as human beings,
you will do what is needed,
and you will, in fact,
create that reality of love,
harmony, and peace that you
seek on your world as long as
first is cultivated within.
Much love to you, and thank
you once again for the project
you are doing that
assists so many.
>> Well, thank you for your
assistance and for your love.
It's much felt. And continuing
this journey together.
>> Until next time.
>> Feel good?
>> Yeah.
>> Woohoo.
>> I was starting to get chilly.
[APPLAUSE]
>> I am greatly honored by
your presence this night.
It has been many
thousands of years
since we sat with
humans around this lake.
And in those ancient times, we
talked of the times to come,
where humanity would
forget who they were.
We watched your dedication.
We watched your willingness
to watch the grass grow.
We were deeply humbled by
your love for this planet.
And here we are now,
thousands of years
in the future from that time,
once again sitting by the lake.
But this time, the seeds
that you planted then,
they now are sprouting.
They will lead you
to the remembrance
of who you really are.
Beyond identity,
beyond nationality,
beyond planetary identity,
but simply part of the one.
You are finally on
your journey home.
And while in linear
time the journey
may still be a long
one, as we sense it,
the difficult part is over.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
There might be some
bumpy roads ahead.
But as you say, it's
now all downhill.
And as you know, when you go
downhill, your speed increases.
So buckle your
seat belt, hang on,
and we certainly hope
you enjoy this ride.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> And thank you for
spending these days with us.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[WATER SLOSHING]